feat(stacked-bar-chart): Create component (#988)
dynatrace-oss/barista: libs/barista-components/stacked-series-chart/README.md

# Stacked bar chart

<ba-ux-snippet name="stacked-series-chart-intro"></ba-ux-snippet>

## Imports

You have to import the `DtStackedSeriesChartModule` when you want to use the
`<dt-stacked-series-chart>`:

```typescript
@NgModule({
  imports: [DtStackedSeriesChartModule],
})
class MyModule {}
```

## Modes

This chart allows 2 different modes: Bar and Column

### Bar

<ba-live-example name="DtExampleStackedSeriesChartGeneric" fullwidth></ba-live-example>

### Column

Please be aware that this mode requires a height to be set

<ba-live-example name="DtExampleStackedSeriesChartColumn" fullwidth></ba-live-example>

## Initialization

To create a `dtStackedSeriesChart` in a minimal configuration, only `series`
attribute is required to create a valid output. For multiple series, slices

> follow the same ordering given by the developer

Reviewer: nitpick: 
```suggestion
follow the same order given by the developer
```

| `visibleValueAxis`       | `boolean`                                                | true     | Visibility of value axis.                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| `maxTrackSize`           | `number`                                                 | 16       | Maximum size of the track.                                                                                                                                                                                            |

#### Outputs

| Name             | Type                                     | Description                             |
| ---------------- | ---------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------- |
| `selectedChange` | `EventEmitter<DtStackedSeriesChartNode>` | Event that fires when a node is clicked |

### DtStackedSeriesChartOverlay

The `dtStackedSeriesChartOverlay` directive applies to an `ng-template` element
lets you provide a template for the rendered overlay. The overlay will be shown

> when a user hovers the slice in stacked-series-chart. `tooltip` is a
> `DtStackedSeriesChartTooltipData`.

Reviewer: Nitpick:
```suggestion
when a user hovers the slice in stacked-series-chart. The implicit context passed to the template follows the 
`DtStackedSeriesChartTooltipData` interface.
```

| `visible`       | `boolean`                  | If node is visible in the stacked-series-chart.                  |
| `selected`      | `boolean`                  | If node is currently selected.                                   |
| `width`         | `string`                   | Current width in percentage given only the visible nodes.        |

### DtStackedSeriesChartLegend

This `DtStackedSeriesChartLegend` holds the information for every legend item so
color and visibility is unified among same chart but also distributed charts
(i.e. multiple charts in a table).

| Name      | Type                | Description                                |
| --------- | ------------------- | ------------------------------------------ |
| `label`   | `string`            | Label of the node.                         |
| `color`   | `DtColors | string` | Color to be used based on nodes and theme. |
| `visible` | `boolean`           | Whether it should be visible.              |

## Examples

### Fill mode

<ba-live-example name="DtExampleStackedSeriesChartFilled" fullwidth></ba-live-example>

### Single selectable stacked bar chart

> For 3 nodes or less theme is applied

Reviewer: This comment does not really add any additional value in this section. Can we remove it?
